Privacy Policy I Talkzy - Make New Friends
Last  updated  on     

This Privacy Policy sets out how we, Talkzy — Make New Friends (‘Talkzy’) use and protect the 
personal data that you provide to us to use our service (‘Service’). Your priority is a top 
priority for us. We have designed and built our Services in such a way that you can fully trust 
them and focus on building meaningful connections across the globe. We have also given the controls 
to you to access, update, and delete your information. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, 
‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ refers to Talkzy, and ‘you’ and ‘yours’ refers to you, the users of the 
Services.

If you still have questions about anything in our Privacy Policy, just contact talkzy@yahoo.com

1.   Information We Collect

1.1.  Information You Provide
It goes without saying, we can't help you develop meaningful connections without some information 
about you, such as basic profile details and your interests. We also collect information about your 
use of our services such as access logs, as well as information from third parties, like when you 
access our services through your social media account or when you upload information from your 
social media account to complete your profile. If you want additional info, we go into more detail 
below.

1.2.  Information you give us
You choose to give us certain information when using our services. This includes:
•  When you create an account, you provide us with at least your login credentials or phone number, 
and other details like your gender, date of birth and location.
•  When you complete your profile, you can share with us additional information, like your 
interests and other details about you, as well as content such as photos and videos. To add certain 
content, like photos or videos, you may allow us to access your camera or photo album.
•  When you participate in surveys, focus groups or market studies, you give us your insights into 
our products and services, responses to our questions and testimonials.
•  If you contact us, we collect the information you give us during the interaction.
•  If you share information about other people with us (for example, if you use the contact details 
of a friend for a given feature), we process this information on your behalf in order to complete 
your request.
•  We also process your chats with other users as well as the content you publish, as necessary for 
the operation of the services.

1.3.  Information we receive from others
In addition to the information you provide us directly, we receive information about you from 
others, including:

•   Users
Users may provide information about you as they use our services, for instance as they interact 
with you or if they submit a report involving you.
•   Accounts
You may decide to share information with us through your Google account, for instance, if you 
decide to create and log in to your Talkzy account via your Google accounts or email address.

1.4.  Information generated when you use our services
When you use our services, this generates technical data about which features you've used, how 
you've used them and the devices you use to access our services as follows:
•  Usage information
Using the services generates data about your activity on our services, e.g., when you logged in, 
features you've been using, actions taken, the information shown to you, ads that you interacted 
with and your interactions with other users (e.g., users you connect and interact with, when you 
exchanged with them, number of messages you send and receive).
•  Device information
We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services, including 
hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, apps settings and 
characteristics, app crashes, advertising IDs (which are randomly generated numbers that you can 
reset by going into your device's settings), identifiers associated with cookies or other 
technologies that may uniquely identify a device or browser.
•  Other information with your consent
If you give us permission, we can collect your precise geolocation (latitude and longitude). The 
collection of your geolocation may occur in the background even when you aren't using the services 
if the permission you gave us expressly permits such collection. If you decline permission for us 
to collect your precise geolocation, we will not collect it. Similarly, if you consent, we may 
collect photos and videos (for instance, if you want to publish a photo or video or participate in 
streaming features on our services).

1.5.  Cookies and other similar data collection technologies
We use and may allow others to use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, pixels, 
SDKs) to recognize you and/or your device(s). You may read our Cookie Policy for more information 
on why we use them and how you can better control their use.
2.   How we use information
The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve our services. Additionally, we 
use your information to keep you safe and to provide you with advertising that may be of interest 
to you. Following are various reasons for which we use your information.
To administer your account and provide our services to you
•  Create and manage your account

•  Provide you with customer support and respond to your requests
•  Communicate with you about our services

To help you connect with other users
•  Present you other users to meet
•  Show you interesting content to watch
•  Show users' profiles to one another

To improve our services and develop new ones
•  Administer focus groups, market studies and surveys
•  Review interactions with customer care teams to improve our quality of service
•  Understand how users typically use the services to improve them (for instance, we may decide to 
change the look and feel or even substantially modify a given feature based on how users react to 
it)
•  Develop new features and services (for example, we may decide to build a new interests- based 
feature further to requests received from users)

To prevent, detect and fight fraud or other illegal or unauthorized activities
•  Find and address ongoing, suspected or alleged violations of our Terms notably through the 
review of reports and interactions between members
•  Better understand and design countermeasures against violations of our Terms
•  Retain data related to violations of our Terms to prevent recurrences
•  Enforce or exercise our rights laid out in our Terms
•  Communicate to users what we've done as a result of their reports

To ensure legal compliance
•  Comply with legal requirements
•  Assist law enforcement

3.   How we share information
Since our goal is to help you make meaningful connections, the main sharing of users' information 
is, of course, with other users. We may share your information with others as follows:
•  With other users
You share information with other users when you voluntarily disclose information on the service 
(including your public profile). Please be careful with your information and make sure that the 
content you share is that you're comfortable being visible.
If you choose to limit the audience for your profile or for certain content or information about 
you, then it will be visible according to your Settings.
If someone submits a report involving you (such as a claim that you violated our Tertcs or 
Community Guidelines), we may communicate to the reporter actions, if any, we took as a result of 
their report.

•  Sharing functionalities
You may share other users' profiles and they may share yours with people outside of our services, 
using the sharing functionality.
•  With law enforcement/when required by law
We may disclose your information if reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with a legal process, such 
as a court order, subpoena or search warrant, government/law enforcement investigation or other 
legal requirements; (ii) to assist in the prevention or detection of crime (subject in each case to 
applicable law); or (iii) to protect the safety of any person.
•  To enforce legal rights
We may also share information: (i) if disclosure would mitigate our liability in an actual or 
threatened lawsuit; (ii) as necessary to protect our legal rights and legal rights of our users, 
business partners or other interested parties; (iii) to enforce our agreements with you; and
(iv) to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or 
other wrongdoing.
•  With your consent or at your request
We may ask for your consent to share your information with third parties (as of now, we don't share 
your data with any third party). In any such case, we will make it clear why we want to share the 
information.
We may use and share non-personal information (meaning information that, by itself, does not 
identify who you are such as device information, general demographics, general behavioural data, 
geolocation in de-identified form), as well as personal information in hashed, non-human readable 
form, under any of the above circumstances.

4.   Cross-border data transfers
The sharing of information laid out in Sub-clause 4 involves cross-border data transfers to the Law 
of India and other jurisdictions that may have different laws about data processing. Since our App 
is involved wherein the users make connections across the world — the International Laws [apart 
from our own IT Act, 2000 and IT (Intermediary Guidelines), 2011- Rule 3 & 4] will apply to the App 
as follows:

•   GDPR — General Data Protection Regulation (EU)
•   CCPA — California Consumer Privacy Act
•   COPPA — Children's Online Privacy Protection Rule
•   CALOPPA - California Online Privacy Protection Act, 2003

5.   Your rights
We want you to be in control of your information, so we want to remind you of the following options 
and tools available to you:
•  Access / Update tools in the service.
Tools and account settings can help you access, rectify or remove information that you provided to 
us and that's associated with your account directly within the service. If you have any questions 
on those tools and settings, please contact talkzy@yahoo.com.

•  Device permissions.
Mobile platforms can have permission systems for specific types of device data and notifications - 
phone contacts, pictures, location services, push notifications and advertising identifiers. You 
can change your settings on your device to either consent or reject the collection or processing of 
the corresponding information or the display of the corresponding notifications. Kindly note - if 
you do that, certain services may lose functionality.
•  Uninstall & Account Deletion
You can stop all information collection by an app by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall 
process for your device. Remember that uninstalling an app does NOT delete your account. To delete 
your account, please use the corresponding functionality on the service.

5.1.  Awareness about Your Own Rights
•  Reviewing your information.
Applicable privacy laws may give you the right to review the personal information we keep about you 
(depending on the jurisdiction, this may be called right of access, right of portability, right to 
know or variations of those terms). You can exercise this right by sending an email at 
talkzy@yahoo.com.
•  Updating your information.
If you believe that the information we hold about you is inaccurate or that we are no longer 
entitled to use it and want to request its rectification, deletion, object to or restrict its 
processing, please contact us at talkzy@yahoo.com.
Keep in mind, we may reject requests, including if we are unable to authenticate you, if the 
request is unlawful or invalid, or if it may infringe on trade secrets or intellectual property or 
the privacy or other rights of someone else. If you wish to receive information relating to another 
user, such as a copy of any messages you received from them through our service, the other user 
will have to contact us to provide their written consent before the information is released. We may 
also ask them to provide proof of identity before we can answer the request.
Under applicable data protection legislature, in certain situations, you have rights concerning 
your personal data. You have a right to: (1) request a copy of all your personal data that we store 
and to transmit that copy to another data controller; (2) delete or amend your personal data; (3) 
restrict, or object to, the processing of your personal data; (4) correct any inaccurate or 
incomplete personal data we hold on you; and (5) lodge a complaint with your respective country's 
data protection authorities regarding our processing of your personal data.
6.   How long we retain your information
We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes (as 
laid out in Sub-clause 4) and as permitted by applicable law. If you decide to stop using our 
services, you can delete your account and your profile will stop being visible to other users. Note 
that we will delete your account automatically if you are inactive for a period of two years. After 
your account is deleted, we will delete your personal information, as laid out below:

•  To protect the safety and security of our users, we implement a safety retention window of three 
months following account closure. During this period, we keep your information in the event that it 
might be necessary to investigate unlawful or harmful conduct. The retention of information during 
this safety retention window is based on our legitimate interest as well as that of potential 
third-party victims.

•  Finally, we maintain information on the basis of our legitimate interest where there is an 
outstanding or potential issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep information (in particular if 
we receive a valid legal subpoena or request asking us to preserve data (in which case we would 
need to keep the data to comply with our legal obligations) or if data would otherwise be necessary 
as part of legal proceedings).

Keep in mind that even though our systems are designed to carry out data deletion processes 
according to the above guidelines, we cannot promise that all data will be deleted within a 
specific time frame due to technical constraints.
7.   Children

Our services are not intended for — and we don't direct them to — anyone below 13 years. And that's 
why we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13. In addition, we may 
limit how we collect, use, and store some of the information of EEA and UK users between 13 and 16. 
In some cases, this means we will be unable to provide certain functionality to these users. If we 
need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your information and your country requires 
consent from a parent, we may require your parent's consent before we collect and use that 
information.

8.   Revisions to the Privacy Policy

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we'll let you know one way or 
another. Sometimes, we'll let you know by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy that's 
available on our mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such 
as providing you with an in-app notification).
9.   How to contact us

Send an email to us talkzy@yahoo.com.
